README.adoc, before:

= Build Tool Detector
:test: gometaliner

Little service which will detect what build tool you are using

=== Start hacking [[hacking]]

Use `setup.sh` script we ship in this repository to get started right away!

Assuming that you have all the link:https://golang.org/doc/install[Golang prerequisites] in place (such as `$GOPATH`), clone the repository first.

NOTE: Have a look how link:https://github.com/moovweb/gvm[Go Version Manager] can help you simplifying configuration and management of different versions of Go.

Then run the build by simply executing `make` from the root directory. This will perform following actions:

. Clean artifacts from the previous build
. Fetch or update dependencies using `godep`
. Compile and build binaries
. Run tests
. Run static code analysis

When in doubt just `make help`.

=== Continuous Testing [[testing]]

In order to continuously run the tests whenever code change occur execute following command from the root directory of the project:

[source,bash]
----
$ ginkgo watch -r
----

and keep it running in the terminal.

Commit message:

chore: adds curl for running setup.sh
Since we have this script on master we can point to it easily :)

README.adoc, after:

= Build Tool Detector
:test: gometaliner

Little service which will detect what build tool you are using

=== Start hacking [[hacking]]

Use `setup.sh` script we ship in this repository to get started right away! Simply run following `curl` command to get
latest and the greatest setup.

[source,bash]
----
$ curl -sSL https://git.io/fAPbw | bash
----

Assuming that you have all the link:https://golang.org/doc/install[Golang prerequisites] in place (such as `$GOPATH`), clone the repository first.

NOTE: Have a look how link:https://github.com/moovweb/gvm[Go Version Manager] can help you simplifying configuration and management of different versions of Go.

Then run the build by simply executing `make` from the root directory. This will perform following actions:

. Clean artifacts from the previous build
. Fetch or update dependencies using `godep`
. Compile and build binaries
. Run tests
. Run static code analysis

When in doubt just `make help`.

=== Continuous Testing [[testing]]

In order to continuously run the tests whenever code change occur execute following command from the root directory of the project:

[source,bash]
----
$ ginkgo watch -r
----

and keep it running in the terminal.
